Updated README and example projects (#4)
adzerk/audience-ios-objc-sdk: README.md

__Swift__
```swift
import VelocidiSDK

@UIApplicationMain
class AppDelegate: UIResponder, UIApplicationDelegate {

    var window: UIWindow?

    func application(_ application: UIApplication, didFinishLaunchingWithOptions launchOptions: [UIApplication.LaunchOptionsKey: Any]?) -> Bool {
        // Override point for customization after application launch.

        let config = VSDKConfig(hosts: "https://tr.yourdomain.com", "https://match.yourdomain.com")!
        VSDKVelocidi.start(config)
        return true
    }
```

__Objective-C__
```objc
@import VelocidiSDK;

@interface AppDelegate ()

@end

@implementation AppDelegate

- (BOOL)application:(UIApplication *)application didFinishLaunchingWithOptions:(NSDictionary *)launchOptions {
    // Override point for customization after application launch.
    
    VSDKConfig * config = [[VSDKConfig alloc] initWithHosts:@"https://tr.yourdomain.com": @"https://match.yourdomain.com"];
    [VSDKVelocidi start: config];
    return YES;
}
```

### Send a track event

> In order to sent a tracking event, create an instance of TrackingEvent. Then, call the singleton instance of `VSDKVelocidi` and use the method `track`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to send a tracking event, create an instance of `VSDKTrackingEvent`. Then, call the singleton instance of `VSDKVelocidi` and use the `track` method.
```

__Swift__
```swift
import VelocidiSDK

...

let trackingEvent = VSDKPageView()
trackingEvent.siteId = "RandomSiteId"
trackingEvent.clientId = "RandomClientId"

VSDKVelocidi.sharedInstance().track(trackingEvent)
```

__Objective-C__
```objc
@import VelocidiSDK;

...

VSDKTrackingEvent * trackingEvent =  [[VSDKPageView alloc] init];
trackingEvent.clientId = @"RandomSiteId";
trackingEvent.siteId = @"RandomClientId";

[VSDKVelocidi.sharedInstance track: trackingEvent] 
```

> You can also pass callback blocks that will that will be called when the request is successful or if if fails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also pass callback blocks that will be called when the request either succeeds or fails.
```

__Swift__
```swift
VSDKVelocidi.sharedInstance().track(trackingEvent, onSuccess:{ (response: URLResponse, responseObject: Any) in
  print("Success! Response: \(response)")
}, onFailure:{(error: Error) in
  print("Failed! Error: \(error.localizedDescription)")
})
```

__Objective-C__
```objc
[VSDKVelocidi.sharedInstance track: trackingEvent onSuccess: ^(NSURLResponse * response, id responseObject){
    NSLog(@"Success! Response: %@", trackingNumber);
} onFailure: ^(NSError * error){
    NSLog(@"Failed! Error: %@", [error localizedDescription]);
}];
```

> #### Available tracking events model classes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### [Available tracking events model classes](https://github.com/velocidi/velocidi-ios-objc-sdk/tree/master/VelocidiSDK/VelocidiSDK)
```

Author: Don't really like this. I think it's strange to have a link in a README header. If I did not know I would assume it would be a link to copy the link, similar to this 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7612420/58255096-1c821700-7d64-11e9-9bf4-e392336d3905.png)

Reviewer: Hum... I would not have that impression. Anyway, with the list below I don't find it necessary to have a link there. It would be a "nice to have".

* VSDKAddToCart
* VSDKPageView
* VSDKProductClick
* VSDKProductCustomization
* VSDKProductFeedback
* VSDKProductImpression
* VSDKProductView
* VSDKProductViewDetails
* VSDKPurchase
* VSDKRefund
* VSDKRemoveFromCart
* VSDKSearch
* VSDKSubscription

> <!-- #### Create your custom tracking event -->

Reviewer: Is this supposed to stay commented?

Author: Either commented or deleted. Ran into troubles when doing this. We cannot use JSONModel, the framework we use to serialize classes to JSON, in Swift and therefore we cannot make custom tracking events.

Reviewer: What alternatives a developer has to send a custom event?

Author: If he uses Objective-C, inherit `VSDKTrackingEvent` or any other class that also inherits from `VSDKTrackingEvent`. If he uses Swift, none.

Reviewer: Can't we implement a new method that receives a dictionary and sends it as JSON?

Author: Maybe, I'd have to look at it. But ideally, we would not have to move away from inheritance or from using objects. Either way, I just left this here because I ended up forgetting I had commented it (this does not appear when the .md is rendered so I forgot that I had written it). Meant to leave this for a proper discussion about what we should do:
* Document how to use custom events in Objective-C and don't offer this functionality in Swift.
* R&D how to properly fix this, maybe by changing to a new JSON library.
* Avoid the problem by doing something like what you suggested.

Reviewer: If I have a Swift project, can I write an Objective-C class and use it in Swift?

Author: Should work, yes.

Reviewer: At least for now, that seems good enough for me. What do you think? Can you document it?

Author: Yes, I'll look into it. It's not a very good approach and we should revise this in the future, but I think that for now is the best we have.

Reviewer: I noticed you re-requested my review. Has this been fixed?

Author: Sorry, my bad 😅

Author: Please take a look at 9bf9e78 d201da1 18be956 and d394ec1

<!-- If none of the available tracking events matches your needs you can also extend `TrackingEvent` and create your own.  -->

> <!-- _Beware! Custom tracking events are not interpreted by our services and bring limitied functionality other than logging and basic statistics._ -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- _Beware! Custom tracking events are not interpreted by our services and bring limited functionality other than logging and basic statistics._ -->
```

[VSDKVelocidi.sharedInstance track: trackingEvent] 
```

You can also pass callback blocks that will be called when the request either succeeds or fails.

__Swift__
```swift
VSDKVelocidi.sharedInstance().track(trackingEvent, onSuccess:{ (response: URLResponse, responseObject: Any) in
  print("Success! Response: \(response)")
}, onFailure:{(error: Error) in
  print("Failed! Error: \(error.localizedDescription)")
})
```

__Objective-C__
```objc
[VSDKVelocidi.sharedInstance track: trackingEvent onSuccess: ^(NSURLResponse * response, id responseObject){
    NSLog(@"Success! Response: %@", trackingNumber);
} onFailure: ^(NSError * error){
    NSLog(@"Failed! Error: %@", [error localizedDescription]);
}];
```

#### Available tracking events model classes
* VSDKAddToCart
* VSDKPageView
* VSDKProductClick
* VSDKProductCustomization
* VSDKProductFeedback
* VSDKProductImpression
* VSDKProductView
* VSDKProductViewDetails
* VSDKPurchase
* VSDKRefund
* VSDKRemoveFromCart
* VSDKSearch
* VSDKSubscription

#### Create your custom tracking event
If none of the available tracking events matches your needs you can also extend `TrackingEvent` and create your own. 

> __Beware!__ _Custom tracking events are not interpreted by our services and bring limited functionality other than logging and basic statistics._

Reviewer: They **may** be interpreted. What if I am extending one of the current events? I see your point, but this can be interpreted differently by someone reading this for the first time.

Author: Please check 2f87b04

##### Objective-C

> Create a new Cocoa Touch class that inherits from `VSDKTrackingEvent` (or any of the other tracking event model classes)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a new Cocoa Touch class that inherits from `VSDKTrackingEvent` (or any of the other tracking event model classes).
```

> Example:

Reviewer: What do you think about having `Example` as a subsection of `Objective-C`?

Author: Don't really have an opinion. But take into consideration that it will be an `<h6>` and hard to differentiate from Objective-C

__CustomEvent.h__
```objc
#import <VelocidiSDK/VelocidiSDK.h>

@interface CustomEvent : VSDKTrackingEvent

> // Place bellow the desired fields you want to add to the tracking event

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Place below the desired fields you want to add to the tracking event
```

[bellow](https://en.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/bellow)
> (of a person or animal) emit a deep loud roar, typically in pain or anger.

-----

[below](https://en.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/below)
> At a lower level or layer than.

@property (nullable) NSString *customField;

@end
```

> __CustomEvent.h__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__CustomEvent.m__
```

```objc
#import "CustomEvent.h"

@implementation CustomEvent

- (instancetype) init {
    if(self = [super init]){
        self.type = @"customEvent"; // Only necessary when inheriting directly from VSDKTrackingEvent
    }
    return self;
}

@end
```

> This new class can then be imported and used like any other tracking event

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This new class can then be imported and used like any other tracking event:
```

1. Create a new Cocoa Touch class.
1. When prompted with the desired language, make sure to choose Objective-C. Press _Next_.

![Xcode Cocoa Touch Modal](./docs/xcode-cocoa-touch-modal.png)

1. After creating the class you'll be asked if you want to configure an Objective-C bridging header. Press _Create Bridging Header_.

![Xcode Bridging Header Modal](./docs/xcode-bridging-header-warning.png)

4. Three new files should have been created.

![New files created](./docs/xcode-bridging-files.png)

5. Import the created custom event class in the bridging header file (_AppName-Bridging-Header.h_):

```objc
//
//  Use this file to import your target's public headers that you would like to expose to Swift.
//

#import "CustomEvent.h"
```
6. Add the desired fields to the custom event (see Objective-C instructions for custom events)

1. Use the newly created class as any other tracking event model class:
```swift
let trackingEvent = CustomEvent()

> trackingEvent.siteId = "foo"

Reviewer: For consistency, keep the same from above

```suggestion
trackingEvent.siteId = "RandomSiteId"
```

> trackingEvent.clientId = "bar"

Reviewer: For consistency, keep the same from above

```suggestion
trackingEvent.clientId = "RandomClientId"
```

> trackingEvent.customField = "baz"

Reviewer: For consistency, keep the same from above

```suggestion
trackingEvent.customField = "RandomCustomField"
```

```

> If you had any problem with importing the Objective-C class into Swift, please take a look at Apple's guide on [Importing Objective-C into Swift](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swift/imported_c_and_objective-c_apis/importing_objective-c_into_swift)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you had any problem with importing the Objective-C class into Swift, please take a look at Apple's guide on [Importing Objective-C into Swift](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swift/imported_c_and_objective-c_apis/importing_objective-c_into_swift).
```
